Reorganise content around new local analysis features (#17013)
docker/docs: scout/index.md

### Artifactory integration

Users of JFrog Artifactory, or JFrog Container Registry, can integrate Docker

> Scout to enable automatic analysis of images locally and in production. For more information, see

Reviewer: Not sure if `in production` is accurate enough. We can analyze in any Artifactory instance which might be production but might equally be staging or test or whatever.

Author: ```suggestion
Scout to enable automatic analysis of images locally and remotely. For more information, see
```

Sorry that should have been changed already.
